gave a gamer back afterwards and can we
check about the seven blue if something
is something happen on him okay we began
with nine Queens yeah we began by
discovered
and afterwards we check out if you have
an anger on seven rupees here we check
I think it's fair to say whoever this
goes against but if it's Leinster that's
that's the game really for them
Madigan initially on care and it was
Madigan who came through well actually
what's happened is that Mike McCarthy's
got Danny Kaye's leg and when you hold
someone's her only leg I think Danny
cares throwing the ball at Mike McCarthy
quite right because he said to him
listen you've got old in my leg after
the whistle
madigan on care yeah where did the race
start with a maul troll is it with
Madigan on Cairo is it the couple that
are landed on the ground is it McCarthy
lifting the leg well it's all of that
it's all of the above isn't it is a
supreme supreme referee to give it
against Leinster
it's a tough one isn't it Nick because
when your legs been lifted off the
ground
very close call as well for this week I
just gave it to Madigan but it's Charlie
monkey isn't Mike McCarthy recreating
the famous Johnson
so I think you've got to forget what
happened only law that you know it's
what starts it really for me well the
decision the penalty will be given off
the back of that the afters on the
ground is check this yes into the middle
one yes
there's nothing in there it's similar oh
man
on the thought
what I saw her blue rubbing head on nine
Queens nine Queens punching him in a
second time that's correct
we've got one more replay that I think
might
add to our understanding of what started
this
mylan yards no look overly first
he said he's saving himself WebEx
drivers meow hey they look at this
Charlie Matthews
the big-screen around the amoeba which
is the reason for the reaction amongst
the 40 odd thousand
nothing in that
Saturday night Saints in a big city
center so I repeat if you like in the
beginning nine Queens with the ball
twelve blue we have two born on the head
of 12
and after the five the seven the five
Quinn's on seven blue only we've is
no punished
go through the ice
first of all
clever
please
like a bunch are like a scoffer doesn't
matter but Number Four Queens our hands
close to the ice that's the yellow car
because we are not sure about the
fingers on the ice all right okay
captain's at the end of it orbits
Charlie Matthews who's seemingly going
to get the yellow I think is well in
fairness atomic Ryan you know I think
hold where's Joe so listen web design
prints by the head on the floor give it
a punch okay
right afterwards the Four Queens other
hands close to the ice who are not sure
about gouging but that's the yellow card
that's the last color against Queens
number four Julian pagoda we are not
sure about gouging so what was your pen
for hand in hand hands in the face not
sure about the gouging this is the
reason why that just a yellow card okay
separa sensitive cuts it employee with
four points I think you can hear the
irony enjoy Marla's house
the touch argentinos Hold'em is not many
eyes it's not gouging much that could be
lost in translation speaking